Add GetImages method on camera (#1659)
viamrobotics/docs: static/include/components/apis/camera.md

Method Name | Description
----------- | -----------
[`GetImage`](/components/camera/#getimage) | Return an image from the camera.

> [`GetImages`](/components/camera/#getimages) | Return an image from the camera.

Author: ```suggestion
[`GetImages`](/components/camera/#getimages) | Return multiple simultaneous images from different imagers, along with associated metadata.
```
